[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> This week on Gaia, on a new
"Art of Letting Go with Sah
D'Simone"--
>> Everything we do, all the
practices that we are doing
for us to be in our bodies is
so we become better friends
to other people, that we
can actually enter the world
and see no strangers.
>> On "Channeling-- A
Bridge to the Beyond"--
>> Every time you open your
mouth, you are casting a spell.
Words and your thoughts
and your reactions
are deciding where energy goes.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory"--
>> Do you have hope for the
future with AI looming out
there?
>> People are creating things
unheard of before with all
the new technologies.
What we have to do
is learn how to draw
the line between how we connect
ourselves to the machinery.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure"--
>> The CIA sent a team
back to the pyramids.
They found that there were
frequencies coming out
of these pyramids.
>> On "Open Minds with
Regina Meredith"--
>> There's that part of us
that is that higher dimensional
consciousness that the
essence of who we are and then
there's the human
conditioned part,
and so we're all dancing
between these two worlds.
>> On "The Awakening
Conference"--
>> The scientists are saying
there's more than 40,000 alien
civilizations in our
galaxy that they believe.
Well, that's a very
interesting number.
That's what the diary of
astrophysics is starting to say
and starting to publish.
It gets us wondering.
>> On "The Other Side"--
>> 2014 when I lost my job in
the corporate world and that
my first iboga journey
at the previous retreat,
it had such an amazing effect
in my life that I realized that
this is what I wanted to
do for the rest of my life.
>> Only on Gaia.